# Version 1.1.5

* Added an auto-reconnect feature. If the session token expires (10 minutes of inactivity), then issuing a command will reestablish the connection and update the token information.
* Added the Get-SVTdisk command. This exposes disk information that is already available from Get-SVThardware in a much more accessible way. In addition, the storage kit is shown. This is determined from the host model, disk count and disk capacity (Supports latest HPE models only).
* Bug fixes to Start-SVTshutdown. This command is now much more robust and will shutdown one virtual controller at a time. The function will automatically reconnect the session to another virtual controller in the Federation following the virtual controller shutdown, if one exists. This is accompanied by a major change to the ShutdownHPESimpliVityCluster.ps1 PowerShell script, which takes advantage of this function.
* Bug fixes to Get-SVTbackup. The -Latest parameter now works as expected, showing the latest backup for each VM in the current collection. Also improved the date formatting and locale.
* Bug fixes to Get-SVTmetric. The API sometimes generates unexpected output. Typically, this is missing data when VMs are powered off or in an indeterminate state.
* Small change to chart format generated by Get-SVTcapacity.

# Version 1.1.4

* Added -Chart parameter to the Get-SVTmetric and Get-SVTcapacity cmdlets - Note this will only work with Windows PowerShell 5.1. PowerShell Core (6.0) doesn't support Microsoft Chart Controls
* Added -Force parameter to the Get-SVTmetric to override the default chart limit
* Improved Get-SVTbackup so that API filters are used properly - This should improve performance and remove some weird results.
* Performance updates to Get-SVTvm and bug fixes to Get-SVTclusterConnected
* Renamed Stop-SVTovc to Start-SVTshutdown
* Renamed Undo-SVTovcShutdown to Stop-SVTshutdown and implemented this cmdlet 
* Renamed Get-SVTovcShutdownStatus to Get-SVTshutdownStatus
* Minor display format changes for some cmdlets to accomodate long hostnames
* Verbose automatically turned on for some commands

# Version 1.1.3

* MIT license added
* Published to PowerShell Gallery
* Signed code so the module will run using 'Remote Signed' PowerShell execution policy
* Added minor change to support 3.7.9
* Bug fixes

# Version 1.1.2

* Added Get-SVTmetric and Get-SVTcapacity cmdlets
* Added maximum limits for Get-SVTbackup and Get-SVTvm as per release notes
* Added support for 3.7.8
* Bug fixes

# Version 1.1.1

* Added most of the "post", "delete" and "put" commands
* Added default display formatting for most HPE SimpliVity objects
* Bug fixes

# Version 1.1.0

* First release written using version 3.7.7. Module contains most of the "get" cmdlets only.